- [Instructor] We have only scratched the surface
of Spring Cloud, and you have a great opportunity
for looking at what is next.
But before we look ahead, let's take a moment
and look back a bit.
We started by talking about Spring Cloud and microservices
and then built a couple.
We then brought in externalized configuration
and hooked it up to our microservices.
We then investigated the need for service discovery
and tied it all together.
We then leveraged that service discovery
to consume our services, and that's really
where the power starts to come in
of Spring Cloud in a cloud-native
microservices-based architecture.
So where might you go next?
First and foremost, I encourage you to explore
the rich open-source additions Netflix and others
have brought to the plate, including Hystrix,
which is a powerful circuit breaker.
I also invite you to look at various abstractions
on common cloud offerings
for various cloud providers.
And finally, I invite you to look at building microservices
yourself for containerized infrastructures
like Kubernetes and Cloud Foundry
using the rich integrations provided by
Spring Boot and Spring Cloud.
And at end, I really want to say thank you.
I know that your time is valuable
and I do appreciate feedback,
both in the LinkedIn learning platform
as well as on social media.
You often will find me getting requests for help
via the Q&A section here on LinkedIn Learning,
so please, if you have a request
that is going to take me looking at your code
to come up with an answer, I ask you
to go ahead and submit that GitHub
and put it on the question.
It'll just save us a little bit of back and forth.
But I am more than happy to take a look
at what you're dealing with,
and if I can help out, I will.
I hope you found this course valuable,
and again, always keep learning,
because if you keep learning
and you start teaching what you learn,
you never know what will be next.